Add example with pg_featureserv (#55)
osm2pgsql-dev/osm2pgsql-website: _includes/examples.md

    into many different GIS formats.</p>
</a>

<a class="example" href="{% link examples/raw-data-publication/index.md %}">
    <img alt="" src="{% link examples/raw-data-publication/data-symbol.svg %}"/>
    <h2>Raw Data Publication</h2>

>     <p>Osm2pgsql and a database can be used as a step in exporting OSM data
>     into many different GIS formats.</p>
> </a>

Author: ```suggestion
    <p>The raw OSM data can be published via a web API using pg_featureserv</p>
</a>
```
